No, Si Yan
That's not true.
This is all a trap set by Qu Yan
Did he deliberately lead me to say that?
I deliberately induced you
So I lured you from the rich to the slums in the past?
Then you hired kidnappers to kidnap me. I also arranged it.
You are as clean as a white lotus
Didn't do anything bad
Is that so?
Si Yan, I'm sorry.
I beg you I beg you for the love we grew up with
For the sake of the Mu family
Please forgive me this time
I just love you so much
Si Yan
I beg you.
You are really a fresh trick to eat all over the sky
What do you want me to do with him?
He is the little green plum you grew up with
What if I hit you hard and your heart hurts?
Take Miss Mu to the police station

What other crime?
Tell him to talk to the police.
You let go
Si Yan
Take away.
Don't be fooled by this woman
He's not a normal person
Are you uncomfortable?
The girl who has protected her for so many years
It's actually a snake venom heart
The kind helping hand of the year sent charcoal in a hurry
That little bit of warmth is fake
You must be disappointed
If only I had shown up earlier
I will never let you be so lonely
I will accompany you through hard times
Cook for you
If you get hurt in a fight, I will apply medicine and bandage you.
If you're not happy, I'll tell you a joke
I'm late.